JSONVHS]
Hi, I raided the basement.
I remember that we
even had half this stuff.
Yeah. You really went all out?
Yeah.
I like the James
Dean costume, by the way.
Thank you.
Yeah. My parents think I
like more like Richie from Happy Days.
Your costume looks great.
Who were you supposed to be?
Marie Curie.
Two-time Nobel
Prize-winning French physicist
and feminist icon.
Oh, she was, uh, she
discovered radiation. Right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, work was killing
her. She didn't even realize it.
Well, for someone who is
dying of radiation poisoning,
you look beautiful.
I brought some candy, or a lot.
It's probably too much,
actually, but we can, I don't know,
maybe binge on
whatever's left over, if you want,
or we could start handing it
out now, if that's what you want to do.
Yeah, I have a confession, actually.